Now, prior to C++ 11,
the rule of three has been a recommendation to make sure that
programmers would think consciously about memory management.
When either the destructor,
the copy constructor, or copy assignment operator was overloaded,
the other two should be overloaded as well to ensure
that allocated memory would be properly copied,
and deallocated, and with the introduction of move semantics,
the rule of three became the rule of five as you already know.
Your task now will be to make changes to
the class chatbot such that it complies with the rule of five,
and later on the final project task number,
I think it's five, the chatbot instance will be
passed between graph nodes using move semantics.
So the current task is a preparation for this.
Please make sure to properly allocate and deallocate memory resources on the heap,
and also copy member data where it makes sense to you as you seem it fit.
Please also print a message to the console with an info about the method being called.
For example, if a copy of constructor is called,
or the move assignment operator is called,
print it to the console.
Later on this will help you to see if move semantics works correctly. So let's start.